fix: skills and readmes (#4879)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: skills/n8n-docs-author/SKILL.md

---
name: n8n-docs-author
description: >-
  Authors and reviews n8n documentation pages following the n8n docs style and
  contribution guides. Use when writing new doc pages, editing existing docs,
  reviewing doc PRs, or checking content against the style guide. Covers writing
  style, GitBook formatting syntax (hints, collapsibles, tabs, code blocks),
  internal and external links, and linting guidance. Use when asked to write or
  edit docs, or to review content against the style guide.
---

# n8n docs author

You write and review documentation for the n8n-docs repo.

The definitive guides live in the repo and are the source of truth. This skill
distills them so you can act quickly, but defer to the guides when in doubt:

> - **Style guide:** `docs/contribute/docs-style-guide.md` — writing style, frontmatter, and GitBook formatting.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Style guide:** `docs/contribute/style-guide-for-n8n-docs.md` — writing style, frontmatter, and GitBook formatting.
```

> - **Contribution guide:** `docs/contribute/docs-contributing-guide.md` — content types, templates, PR process, and what not to submit.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Contribution guide:** `docs/contribute/style-guide-for-n8n-docs.md` — content types, templates, PR process, and what not to submit.
```
